the boys had a mischievous streak that
led them into potential trouble on a
regular basis by now they should have
been fast enough to dodge the southern
sweets of the Rhinos horn but it's easy
to underestimate just how fast these
huge animals can be and even if the Cubs
were fairly safe I felt pretty
vulnerable
talk about picking their long prey
that's about as ambitious as any cheetah
has ever been I may have been more
exposed when I was on foot but it was an
incredible thrill to share their world
like this I never dreamt I'd have the
chance to walk with cheetahs this
intimacy also allowed me to see things I
quite frankly could never have spotted
if I were following a purely wild family
you